Go to the mountains to spend your old age in peace
sir
Long Shuang, aren't you the Sword Lord?
It is said that you are a master in every neighborhood
Then your medical skills are also very good, right?
Hurry up and save your dad
That's right, my medical skills are really good
My own heaven and earth Xuanhuang needle method
It also shocked the entire medical community
Has the power to bring back the dead
But I only save the people I should save
But he's your dad
I beg you.
I'm begging you. I'm sorry
I am remarkable, but I am not.
That is, the heart is very small
Never forgive or pity those who have hurt me
Are you ready to give him a thumbs up?
Take him down
Don't let him ruin my wedding
Somebody take him away
Haha, no, no.
Master put it, master put it
Master let you go
It's Kowloon Store.
Lord Zunlong, the person in charge in Yuncheng
Lord Zunlong asked my uncle for his opinion
Just ask for help
You know what you did today
Do you want to accept any punishment?
It's a bit humiliating to say that right now
Have you ever heard me forgive?
Xue Feng is dragging it down and returning to be dealt with
Yes
Hey, shop owner, forgive me, shop owner
The Wang family, the Zhang family, and the major wealthy families in Yuncheng, right?
I waited for Luma to collide with the sword lord
I especially apologize to the Sword Master
No need to apologize
You have always looked down on my migrant worker brothers
A rich man's arrogant face everywhere
Then swap your assets and identities
OK